add aws release 18.0.3 (#1051)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v18.0.3/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v18.0.3 for AWS :zap:

This release fixes a misconfiguration of IRSA that caused downtime in the API server during upgrades between v17 and v18 with IRSA feature enabled. 

***IRSA highlights***
- Please read the [updated documentation](https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/iam-roles-for-service-accounts/)
- Prior to upgrades please reach out to your Account Engineer and GiantSwarm team will help you in seemless migration if you have already enabled IRSA.
- Please remember to adapt the IAM policies prior to upgrade as specified in the [documentation](https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/iam-roles-for-service-accounts/)

***Features removed from v18.0.0***

> - Cilium CNI was rolled back, and this release once again uses AWS CNI. This was done because of an upstream bug that prevented some advanced networking features to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cilium CNI was rolled back, and this release still uses AWS CNI. This was done because of an upstream bug that prevented some advanced networking features to work properly.
```
